For me it’s a toy kitchen is our mechanical and unconcious way of self sabotaging and not believing in being vale to accomplish our goals of wished in any part of life. A way of not considering your innate feelings and putting under rug, led by social standards. Also for me shows our natural way for is to traicionar ourvselves knowing we know better and not being honest With ourselves in the world.  
Makes me reflect upon the times when I act in pilot mode, making using of my patterns in daily life that not always are  in My best interests and being oblivious to my own feelings and well being. 
Off course! I think it’s part of this human experience and the society norms in which we live in. 

My favorite. It feels right at home because as latin people we are accostumed to this type of relations where one way or the other these women are household possesions where it is okay to order them around, give them commands, at times with love and respect and other times with frustration and low patience. And in any way, both are “ok” because at the end of the day this woman is your household possesion. She is friends with silence, she is always present but doesn’t have vote or voice in the house that is also her own, or at least her second home. 
It’s mixture of melancholy, guiltiness, and empathy. It makes me reflect on how much Alba gives to me, and the positive impact that I also want to be in her life and get to know her the way she has gotten to know me. 
As a Colombian, it gave an instant feel of “awww” sweet moment because I live this everyday with Alba and really care and love her. It makes me reflect upon the fact that she should feel more appreciated by the family she also sustains, mine. She is my family 

This is a woman who sustains everybody else before herself. Feeling frustrated with everyday life bothers that she knows she has to do or else no body else will do it. She seems to be tired and not happy giving herself the time and space she needs for her well being. Yet she seems as a very generous and loving person, but not a happy or content one. She doesn’t feel that she is taken care of. 
I didn’t feel quite reflected. Maybe because I am selfish or maybe because I don’t have kids. Although with my mother I have felt this one time or another in my life. Feelings of trying to help her out as she has done so herself. It actually reminds me most of the selfless love my mother always provides. She is the tired one… 
Definitely hurts and makes me feel
A bit uncomfortable to know that this is how my mom feels in her everyday life. Must be exhausting to feel this way every day… makes me want to take care more of my mom. 