It conveys the struggles of a strong, I dependent woman, to fit into a small box of societal expectations that can only be achieved by cutting her wholeness into digestible chunks for others to understand 
Understood. Uncovered. Touched.
It's how I feel every single day in every single situation, within almost every single relationship and interaction. Only a few people can take me whole.

The pressure of an imperfect, broken society on the workforce. The subtle, between the lines hint to a culture of veiled exploitation, where the balance work-life is nothing but an illusion and we all are nothing but a means to the success of a selected few.
Relatable. Avant-garde. Current. 
I certainly did. I have been doing a lot of thinking and introspective seeking on what is the meaning of "work", what is the value of it, when most people are disengaged in their work life and feel like their contribution to human development and scavenger is negligible, yet spend 1/3 of their prime years caring out tasks that give them no joy or fulfillment. It's very sad and what's sadder is there ever-present feeling of inadequacy and entrapment.

A woman that fell victim to societal and cultural beliefs where men need to be protected and cherished at all times, whether winter are capable of taking care of themselves in their development, to then grow to become the primary carer. The man is seen as god-like, almost, a precious resource to protect, whether the value and time of the female is too serve and elevate its counterpart. No character in this story has any choice. They all play the role that society and culture has laid out for them and when they do, the world sees them as the villain, the crazy and partisan mother, the callous and ungrateful son, the charitable and naive daughter in law, the inaccurately prepared granddaughter. It's a common script.
Sad. Indignant. Compassionate.
I have seen some aspects of this playbook in my own culture and society and it affected my family closely