This piece describes the complex family relations, in which blood ties are really complex and not alway work as they should. I also can interpret that the things that parents think are good for their kids and their future are not always the most appropriate.
Negative 
This piece made me think of my grandmothers, currently both alive. I have always looked up to them admire their way o dressing and obsessed with their clothes. In the last three years both of my grandfathers died and from this time i have seen my grandmothers vulnerability flourish in a very sad way. On the other hand this made me think on how unconditionally and with out questioning their thoughts and ways of leaving i love them, but on the other side i constantly find my self trying to change my parents and the decisions they make.
I feel really guilty not to visit my grandmothers more often. 

This collection of images made me think of this random "pictures" that people that have the time to walk and observe the common stumble upon to. for me this piece is really good representation of this random thing that you encounter and seem ordinary but you find a value as they coexist with constant demands of a practical world, that makes you question your talents and creativity. 
negative 
I'm a creative my self and i as i read the piece it made me think of a really familiar feeling that i've been having for the las year. I work mainly on paid jobs but constantly encounter my self with clients that don't have a budget, or clients that requiere you to always be available to give the 5 extra miles, clients that don't trust you or question your abilities. This have made me question my own talent an capacities many times, even taking me to extreme thoughts of having a radical shift on my career or even having mental break downs about it.

This is the story about a lady (luz) who has given away al her time to take care of others. she comes from a place were she dosen't belong to take care of this people that she initially didn't even know. A very common situation for latin counties.
neutral, nostalgic, thoughtful
This made me think of Gloris, the lady that took care of me when i was a kid. She was with us for 11 years and when she left I suspect is the first time i was depressed in my life. She left i would only asked for food cooked by her or i would refuse to eat it. My mom, trying desperate moves tried to copy her ways of cooking, but it was never the same. 

how difficult and not realistic it is to keep up with current demands of taking self of your self. How feeling accomplished makes your transpas meany of your personal limits, cause you justa have to keep on living and making thinks work. i think the way o doing it through the metaphor of the kitchen is interesting cause you have to eat, or you will not survive. 
negative, sad, related 
As a creative, freelance women that struggles with organize her time an finances, my wellbeing has been a real challenge for the last year. It's paradojical that one of my greatest accomplishments in my adult life has been leaving my parents house and becoming a independent person. At the same time it has been some of the most challenging times of my life, trying to succeed and at the same becoming a care taker (mother) for my self. 