Being caught inside a body that is not yours anymore, but others 
It made me feel uncomfortable and disconnected, and also a bit guilty. 
Uncomfortable, because it should not be, that a person does not own their own body for themselves, a body which actually is owned, ruled, driven and governed by others (other peoples needs), ignoring the persons own needs. It's like not existing for yourself. 
Disconnected, because it is hard to relate to the persons position. 
And guilty, because I can not relate, because this should not be, I should do something against this, but I am not, and I would not know how to. 
No

Heavy labour that is not valued, even ignored and taken for granted, at the cost of and against one's own happiness 
It made me feel sorry and angry. 
This should not be, a persons work should be recognised, even valued, especially when it becomes such a sacrifice to this persons own wishes. I want this person's labour to be recognised. I do not understand why this work is not recognised! Why is society like this, why do we not all take care of each other amongst us

No, but it reminds me of my mother a little bit. The endless work and love she spends every single day, from since I was a baby and even still today, she is helping me with so many things, she cooks for the entire family, and for way too long I took her care and labour for granted. Only since I became more adult I understand how much work and time she sacrificed for our family, and I started to become very grateful of this. 

How someone else's sacrifices and labour are recognised, and wished for that they would make more for themselves instead of for others. That it would be easier to accept this persons caring love as a gift, if this person would care and love herself more, and sacrifice less for others. 
It made me feel a little bit sad, but overall I feel not as negative as towards the other stories in this one. 
I am glad, that the writer recognised the carers labour and sacrifices, and also their circumstances of living. It is humane of the writer to wish for this person to have more of their own life, instead of sacrificing it all for others. I see that the writer sees the carer on an equal level of him/herself, more as a friend, and not on a lower level or as a servant. 
But it makes me sad, that this wish does not seem to become true, of both of them being equal. 
I can relate somehow, since I've been to Colombia myself and stayed with wealthy families, who all had a maid to clean and cook for them. Those maids that I met were extremely loving and caring, but I do not know under which circumstances they actually live, and how they are managing to have their own family to take care of plus another persons family at the same time. I also do not know how well they are paid, and how valued and appreciated their work is with the families they help in. 

It is a bit harder to understand, but it is a person who burned, giving all to others until she was hollow inside and became soulless. A person who is exploited, never good enough, meant to fit society no matter of her own wishes, formed into a shape she is not until she burned and became soulless. 
It makes me angry that society is trying to put their ideals onto others, regardless of that this person for themselves might want. Especially in this male dominated context, "you should wear make-up; who will marry you", and seing her as an object rather than the person she is. 
Yes. I can relate to the feeling of never being good enough for someone, also for the people that are closest to you. I can relate how this burns you out from inside until you become empty, and fall into a deep dark hole of depression, because I experienced both these things, too. I can relate to how she is given stupid tasks like counting pages; I can relate to how she is being objectified, as I was, too, in the past. 