A very beautiful way of writing from a naive and metaphorical perspective. You draw concrete connections between cooking as a tool to exemplify destruction of one's self-confidence. The kitchen is one of the main places of unpaid labor, care economy and also the place where food and nurturing comes out. But it's also full of dangerous tools that can be used to cut, burn, blend...
I felt tenderness from the title and the first paragraph. Found it to be very cute and made me blush a bit. From the second paragraph onward, I cried the whole time. I felt so sad, I could relate to the feeling so much. I also felt glad I read it. I would like to write like this. 
I felt I could deeply relate, not in unpaid labor but yes in how one destroys its possibilities of dreaming when it feels like everything is too inhospitable to let you have hope. I could relate by not being good at asking for favors because I get rejected. I feel the author is completely scared of asking for support, especially because she knows that even if she asks for it, she won't get it. I'm deeply scared of rejection and try to avoid anything that will lead me towards being rejected. Even if it's asking my boyfriend to take care of my cat just one day.

This seems to depict a mother who was dysfunctional in certain ways. Her daughters resent her for neglecting them, while her son resents her for spoiling him. And, as is often the case, it's the women who end up caring for the parents, even if one of them isn't actually their daughter. There's also a granddaughter, misnamed by her grandmother, who experiences the strange mix of pity and awkwardness toward a grandmother she didn't have much contact with, especially when her father seems to despise her. It's awkward to feel the stereotypical affection for a sweet old grandmother when there's underlying resentment and pity, and she likely despises her a bit too. 
This piece made me feel wierd and a bit sad and nostalgic. It brought back memories of my own grandparents, especially my grandmother on my father's side. I can deeply relate to the emotions the author describes. I don't recall my dad ever speaking about his mother with pure love; there was always some underlying disdain. I liked my grandmother but somehow I know I mimicked many behaviors my dad towards her. Actually it was my mom (my parent divorced when I was 4) who would encourage my sister and me to call her and love her. Not my dad. 
This piece made me feel sad. It brought back memories of my own grandparents, especially my grandmother on my father's side. I can deeply relate to the emotions the author describes. I don't recall my dad ever speaking about his mother with pure love; there was always some underlying disdain.

Did you relate to this text in any way? If so, please explain how:

It reminds me of my grandmother, Tita, and the contempt my father had for her. In my father’s family, people would often call me by the wrong name, confusing me with my older sister, because we rarely saw them. I understand the awkwardness of feeling affection for someone like a grandmother when your parents hold them in contempt. How can you not learn to despise certain things when you see your parents despise their own?

This also resonates with the idea of burdens being passed down and the typical male inability to fully assume caregiving responsibilities, often shifting them onto a woman—whether it's a daughter, wife, or mother.

My dad wasn’t speaking to my grandmother when she died, and she passed away feeling very sad because her youngest son, out of eight children, had abandoned her. Now, I find myself caring for my father, who not only abandoned his own mother but also my mother, sister, and me. Yet, he never acknowledges this abandonment, though he occasionally recognizes that I’ve been supporting him for the past 10 years.

I now have a close relationship with my dad's sisters, whom he no longer speaks to either. (He fights with everyone and resents everyone, including me.) It was they who told me that my dad was the light of my grandmother's eyes, that she never laid a hand on him, and that she loved and pampered him dearly. I have never once heard this from my dad himself.

And a tragicomic story to finalize this:

When my grandmother died and was cremated, my dad was the one carrying the little box with her ashes after the mass. I honestly thought, "WTF? You didn't speak to her for years, resented everything she did, and now you're the one who gets to carry her in your lap in a taxi to my aunt's house?"

When she died, I didn't even know what to feel. I felt sad, but I also felt I didn’t have the right to feel sad because I hadn’t called or visited her as much. We weren’t super close, and I was so biased by my dad's perception that I felt guilty. I think women are great at feeling guilty. Do men feel guilty as often? I honestly doubt it.

A do-it-all mom. A do-it-all care giver. A do it all person who has to be strong as a tree so everyone can lean on her, hang from her, use her for shade. As in the past pieces, there is also a shame component, guilt to feel what she feels and impossibility of asking for support. Asking to be held. 
I felt empathy and it makes we wonder if I feel like that often and I'm not a mom, how can mom's and care-takers manage?
This makes me wonder if men ever feel this way? Do they carry this much emotion? Do they feel this guilty when they think about their needs? Is it a female thing to be unable to ask for what makes you feel good and safe?

This one confused me. It felt like an in between between grooming, harassment and being a stay at home mother.
Honestly, I felt confused. I felt like someone that has too many thoughts at once was putting them all quickly on paper.
I could with certain sentences. Like I read and could relate to parts but not as much as the previous ones.

The story behind privilege and underprivilege in countries that are so unequal like Colombia. I felt like so many people could dare to say "at least they have a job". 
I felt embarrassed. I find it so embarrassing to have this kind of labor in Colombia and most people think it's normal. I also felt love because this women who raised us can be the most loving ever. But I got to be raised by someone else's mother who didn't get to raise her own children and she had to work far away form home so she could pay for someone else to take care of her kids. It's very messed up. 
Completely. Im also Colombian, and I also had a beautiful Luz in my life. Actually two. One even slept in my house from Sunday to Saturday.

This also makes me think of the people that take care of kids in order to pay someone to take care of their kids. I grew up like this (me being one of the privileged kids that was always being taken care of) and sometimes questioning where were the families of the loving people that took care of me? As I grew started growing up, this became an awkward feeling so I moved on to think of other things. I felt guilty and sorry for them. 

I’m also embarassed to accept that once, a German guy said that we had modern slavery in Colombia because we have maids and servants, he used those words (in my defense, he had a horrible attitude and he spoke with a lot of superiority). I told him he didn’t understand, he hadn’t lived there, and that the compromise behind this is helping their families and giving them opportunities for the later generations to have more decent jobs. I can’t believe I actually thought it was normal and a “job” for a person to take care of me 14/7. Sleep in my house. Cook my food, play with me, take my dog out to the park, clean the whole house, love me, mediate in my fights with my sister, make sure I wouldn’t watch tv when my mom wasn’t around. I would even go sleep in her bed and wake her up when I had nightmares and my mom told me to go back to my bed. How in the world do we normalize this?
To Whom it May Concern
This is a beautiful collection of photos, but they don’t seem to fit the context of a job description for a position that's seeking candidates. Which I love, they look sunny and pretty and when you read, we can se a corporation asking people to be willing to go above and beyond for a company that doesn;t even belong to them.
Loved it. Beautiful pictures. It felt like a short documentary. I felt angry because I feel angry everytime big companies talk about ownership but I think they don't do reverse ownership. We as employees are so easy to replace. 
I like analogue photos, I also really like the colors. I like everyday empty sets. This are the kind of photos I like to take and I hate that companies want ownership from us. 