Crazy Nana Jean is the story of a woman who gave her life for her family in every way expected of her, but receives not only nothing in exchange, but even negative feelings. Not even her son, who received most wants to turn the tables and take care of her. The duty falls on the shoulders of those who least "owe" her. It talks about the chain of care, how this duties endlessly avoid some and is demanded of the same ones, who will rarely be cared for.
A long the piece I had different feelings, in the beginning I felt the same contempt for Nana Jean the narrator has, but as it progressed I felt guilty, pity and towards the end angry even outraged because of the injustice of her ending. Particularly towards the son.
I related it to my father, who I adore but happens to have many of the behaviors described regarding the son. Men who do not feel care and particularly the attentive conversation is their duty.

This piece is about all of the woman the nanas, the maids and paid care workers who sacrifice their own life, children and joy to give their care to another family probably because of economic hardships. How they are endlessly given but do not have time, space or energy to tend their own needs or those of their families.
This piece made me feel sad, guilty and made me ponder on my own relationship with my nana.
I grew up with a Nana and pay a lady to clean my house weekly. This piece made me think about them, about how little I know of their lives and how I would like to care for them more, even if its with attention, details or kindness.

This piece talks about the kitchen and its default place in the kitchen, and through the kitchen it touches upon all of those sacrifices woman do daily in their work, family and personal lives to the cost of their own well being. It is anonymous and not as personal as some as the pieces but it felt like the story of millions or billions of woman now and in the past.
This piece made me feel, outrage, anger and indignation.
I thought about how many generations would it take for it to become a less relatable piece, my mother is not someone who cooks but the feelings portrayed, I am sure she has felt, I don't know if I will relate to them when I have my own family completely, or if my daughter (if I eventually have one) will. 

I think it is a curriculum of skills but the images show how this common descriptions apply more to objects and machines than to the people applying. It highlights the contradictions and impossible expectations.
I felt a contradiction, uncomfortable because some are even in my own linkedin but I questioned them and see their exaggeration.
As someone who has been recently thinking of spicing up my Linkedin profile and has been on job hunts I felt it completely relatable. Even in my actual job it made me question many of the unrecognized non traditional things I do daily that don´t even make part of the job description. Specifically when an ex boss asked me to take his daughter to the dentist.